"A Randomized Inform Game" by Martin Grider

Include Exit Lister by Gavin Lambert.

Music Cd Dungeon is a room. The description of music CD dungeon is "This trapped dungeon might once have been jail. There is a pomelo here.".
Pomelo is scenery in the Music Cd Dungeon. The description of Pomelo is "That is some tantilizing looking pomelo!".
music CD dungeon is west of bottle ocean.
music CD dungeon is north of lotion shop.

Bottle Ocean is a room. The description of bottle ocean is "This immense ocean is very likely sea. There is a cherimoya here.".
Cherimoya is scenery in the Bottle Ocean. The description of Cherimoya is "That is some moldy looking cherimoya!".
bottle ocean is west of empty tin can garden.
bottle ocean is north of sharpie haven.

Empty Tin Can Garden is a room. The description of empty tin can garden is "This orderly garden is almost certainly park. There is a lime here.".
Lime is scenery in the Empty Tin Can Garden. The description of Lime is "There are several moldy limes in the garden.".
empty tin can garden is north of football dawn.

Lotion Shop is a room. The description of lotion shop is "This productive shop could almost be bazaar. There is a blackcurrant here.".
Blackcurrant is scenery in the Lotion Shop. The description of Blackcurrant is "That is some moldy looking blackcurrant!".
lotion shop is west of sharpie haven.
lotion shop is north of safety pin void.

Sharpie Haven is a room. The description of sharpie haven is "This pleasant haven is very likely shelter. There is a guava here.".
Guava is scenery in the Sharpie Haven. The description of Guava is "The guava looks tantilizing.".
sharpie haven is west of football dawn.
sharpie haven is north of toy soldier bridge.

Football Dawn is a room. The description of football dawn is "This safe dawn is almost certainly sunrise. There is a elderberry here.".
Elderberry is scenery in the Football Dawn. The description of Elderberry is "That is some moldy looking elderberry!".
football dawn is north of pair of tongs water.

Safety Pin Void is a room. The description of safety pin void is "This quiet void is almost certainly nowhere. There is a boysenberry here.".
Boysenberry is scenery in the Safety Pin Void. The description of Boysenberry is "There are several sweet boysenberries in the void.".
safety pin void is west of toy soldier bridge.
Toy Soldier Bridge is a room. The description of toy soldier bridge is "This joining bridge is almost certainly arch. There is a canary melon here.".
Canary Melon is scenery in the Toy Soldier Bridge. The description of Canary Melon is "The canary melon looks lonely-looking.".
toy soldier bridge is west of pair of tongs water.
Pair Of Tongs Water is a room. The description of pair of tongs water is "This purifying water is almost certainly pool. There is a redcurrant here.".
Redcurrant is scenery in the Pair Of Tongs Water. The description of Redcurrant is "There are several moldy redcurrants in the water.".

